feat: allow to upload file with same name (#19)
eduNEXT/xblock-filesmanager: README.rst

   In addition, instructors can preview files and folders that have been added
   to the component before publishing the changes in the course.

>    **NOTE:** The files uploaded to the component will be available in the course assets, However
>    the name of them will be changed to a random string. This is done to avoid conflicts
>    with files that have the same name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **NOTE:** The files uploaded to the component will be available in the course assets. However, their name will be changed to a string following this format: <...>.
This is done to avoid conflicts with files that have the same name.
```
